Nisha: Hey Vikram you have been one of our most active users for over a year now. I would love to hear what is working and what is not.
Vikram: Happy to share. I genuinely love the product. The search functionality is the best I have used in any SaaS tool. I can find any customer conversation in seconds. That alone saves me hours every week. I have actually told three other PM friends about it and two of them signed up.
Nisha: That is amazing to hear. Are there things that frustrate you despite being a loyal user?
Vikram: Yes absolutely. The mobile app is terrible. I do half my work from my phone during commute and the mobile experience feels like an afterthought. Text is tiny, buttons are hard to tap, and the app crashes at least once a day. I have reported the crash three times and keep getting told it is on the roadmap.
Nisha: I understand that is frustrating. What about the desktop experience?
Vikram: Desktop is mostly great. One thing that drives me crazy though is the notification system. I get notified about everything. Every comment, every tag, every status change. There is no way to customize notification preferences. I have seventy unread notifications right now because I stopped checking. Just let me choose what I want to be notified about.
Nisha: What about the collaboration features? How does your team use them?
Vikram: The real-time collaboration on documents is incredible. We have completely replaced Google Docs for our product specs. The version history is clean, the commenting is intuitive, and the fact that I can link specs to customer evidence is the killer feature. No other tool does that.
Nisha: Are there features you wish existed that do not today?
Vikram: Two things. First I need a Jira integration. Right now I manually copy insight summaries into Jira tickets. It takes me thirty minutes every sprint. An automatic sync where insights flow into Jira as linked evidence would save me a full day every month. Second I want an API so I can build custom dashboards. Your built-in dashboards are fine but I need to combine your data with our internal metrics.
Nisha: Those are great suggestions. Anything else on your mind?
Vikram: One more thing. Your pricing page is confusing. I wanted to upgrade my team from the growth plan to the enterprise plan but the feature comparison table does not clearly explain what we would get. I emailed sales and they took five days to reply. By then my budget approval window had closed. You literally lost a twelve thousand dollar deal because your sales team was slow.